Time out! Time out! Ref!
Ref. time out!
Dean!
Alright. look alive.
Hustle up. alright. alright.
You have 44 seconds remaining!
That's it. That's all you got.
So forget the cheering.
the crowd. the recruiters.
None of that exists.
Dean. find the ball
and find Horse.
You got it. boss.
Horse. find the basket.
Alright. let's go.
Steel Wolves howl!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
One. two. three!
Woo!
Move. move!
- Yo. yo! Get it to Mason!
- Ball. ball. ball!
Horse is open!
Yeah. yeah. Cut. cut. cut!
Horse!
Let's go! Yeah!
Let's go. baby!
Yeah. you've got this. Mason!
Yeah! You've got this. Mason!
Mason...
Move! Horse!
Go! Go!
- I see him!
- Lay it up!
Here. here! Horse!
Shoot! Shoot!
Make your shot!
Yes! Yes!
Do it!
Mason...
- Yeah!
Yes!
Yeah!
Steel Wolves.
Steel Wolves!
Hey! Where the hell is Horse?
Mason!
Please! Please. please!
Not yet! Okay?
Look! Look!
Look!
See?
See? It's gone! Alright?
Leave me alone!
Woo!
There he is!
The clutch king!
Yeah. yeah.
Let's go. let's go.
let's go. there he is!
We thought we lost you
out there. hey?
That was a beautiful shot!
- You know that?
- Yeah.
Horse? Come on. man.
You've been in there forever!
You sure you're alone
in there. pal?
- What's going on?
- Yeah!
It's just me and your mom...
Aaaaargh!
Aaaargh!
Horse! No!
Hey. hey!
Somebody. help!
Horse!
Rise and shine!
Jesus. Rel!
What's the point of knocking
if you're just gonna
come in anyways?
Good to see you settled in. cuz.
You know? Like. making
the space your own.
I mean. seriously. Chrys.
if you need any help
unpacking the rest...
I've been a lean. mean
drilling machine
ever since I've started working
weekends at the steel mill.
So. I'm always
happy to help out.
Oh... vinyls?
Nice.
Last time I saw you.
it was chart music.
We were 11 years old. Rel.
When did you get into
all this geriatric stuff?
It doesn't get old. Good music.
Oh!
It's only bad music that ages.
Well. let me know
when you want
your pipe and slippers
by the fire.
You know and your false teeth
by the bedside. Oh!
Oh...
Smelly socks. Smelly socks.
Anyway. we don't want to be late
on your first day.
New school. new start.
all that...
good stuff.
Okay. I'll go bring
the car around.
Alright. Let. s go.
We've got to hustle
if we don. t want to be late.
Oh. shit.
I almost forgot The Revenger.
It might be a little different
to your last school
back in Chicago. but...
Welcome to Pellington High!
Look. Chrys. I know you're
my cousin and everything. but...
please don't feel like
you have to hang out with me
or my fellow nerds.
And... there's Grace.
She hangs out
with the populars. now.
I'm not looking
for a crowd. Rel.
- Alright.
- You're in my locker.
Move.
Alright.
Why does it say. 'Horse'?
Oh. it's the nickname
for. Mason Raymore.
He's a kid-who died...
You can't use this.
They assigned me this locker.
This school's got no respect
for the dead. bro.
Pellington's been around
a long time. guys.
All of these lockers belong
to dead people.
Hey. Grace. your hair looks
really nice today.
Thanks. Rel.
- Hey. who's your. friend?
- Who?
Oh. er. no. This.
this is my cousin.
Wait. wait. wait.
You're the new girl?
I heard that she just
got out ofjunkie rehab
after she...
killed her dad?
- Or something like that.
- Okay. cut it out. Dean.
No. no. this is ridiculous.
I mean. this school
has gone to hell.
Maybe she was high
when she killed him. too.
Shut up. Tanner.
What?
Well. you should stop talking
because you don't know shit.
Well. is it true?
Are you a junkie?
I mean...
you sure look like one
with the Goodwill jacket...
Aargh! Aaargh...
That's what's up!
That's my cousin. y'all!
Hey. shut up freak.
Hey! That's enough!
Enough!
You four. fighting in the halls.
Detention. After school.
This psychopath just viciously
attacked me. Mr. Craven.
Let's start with detention.
alright?
And then we can discuss
a suspension later.
- Mr. Craven?
- Yes?
I saw what happened.
She didn't do anything.
No. no. no.
She kneed a boy
in his genital bag. Miss Gains.
This is indeed something.
No. I...
And for forcing your
unsought opinion upon me...
you can join us
in detention as well.
Okay? Good.
See you all later.
See you there.
Well. there goes our pool date.
babe. Nice work.
You think they're still good
for making babies?
- Gross.
- Babe. I'm serious.
That was awesome.
Look... you're gonna
be okay. right? Yeah? Yeah?
Okay. Have a good day!
Hey. I'm sorry about
what they said.
Oh. don't be. I mean. they're
not wrong about any of it.
Oh. Oh. my God.
I'll help you.
I don't. I don't need your help.
Okay.
Chrysanthemum...
Come on. We've only got an hour.
Let's not waste it.
Nice of you to join us.
Chrysanthemum.
Chrysanthemum?
Fuck.
It's Chrys. actually.
Ooh!
What is that?
- Is that a pipe?
- No.
- Mr. Craven?
- Yes. Dean.
Question. Are we allowed. like.
drug paraphernalia in school?
You know. especially
when someone...
identifies as. like. a junkie?
It's not a pipe.
Hey. bring it to me.
I found it in my locker.
Oh. wow.
Do you think
it's worth anything?
Dunno.
Looks like a musical instrument.
doesn't it?
Some kind of whistle or a kazoo.
I mean. this is certainly
early Mayan. but the rest...
I mean... dunno.
Could be Olmec.
Can you translate any of it?
I don't know. Let's...
Let's have a look.
Right...
It's been a long time
since grad school.
Oh. look. there's a word here.
That would be pronounced k'aaba.
which means to. to talk.
or it can also mean to.
to. to call out to.
There's another word
on this side.
That might be Pixan?
Do you spell that P-I-C?
No. P... It looks like...
...seems to be P-I-X-A-N.
Why? What are you doing?
Summon the dead.
Wow.
You don't even need
a degree anymore. You just...
and... that's it.
Look. I shouldn't have even...
I think I should
probably look after this.
It. could actually...
have huge historical
value. and...
and you did say you took it out
of a school property locker.
It doesn't belong to you.
Good. Alright. Look. I think
that's probably a good place
to end detention for today.
- Thank you. Mr. Craven.
- Yup. Yup.
- Great idea.
- But instead.
I would like you to write
a five-page essay
on the role of preprepared
sacrifice
in ancient Mesoamerica.
- Seriously?
- Do six. six pages.
- No. no.
It's fine. it's fine.
We're going.
- Yeah.
- We're out.
Hey. We're all meeting
at Grace's
to watch her compose a six-page
haiku on blood sacrifices.
- So. I'll see you guys at 7:00?
- You mean we're all invited now?
Yeah. Baby Dean.
We're all invited.
Even you. It's called being
welcoming and not an asshole.
Alright. I'll drive.
I want to make it home
in one piece.
I'll see you guys there.
Got a crush on Grace?
Yeah.
One day. I'll take my shot.
Craven...
Hey. Listen.
about this morning...
They had no right
to talk about what happened
to your dad like that.
I mean. it's fine.
It wasn't your fault.
You know?
I really don't want
to talk about it.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. okay.
So... how was your first day
at Pellington High?
Ellie seems nice.
Oh. my God.
I mean. she's nothing special.
but like...
Revenger.
Oh. okay.
Good.
That's...
...more than a kazoo.
We've got a major
traffic collision.
Bodies. one male fatality...
Are you okay?
I didn't mean to surprise you.
You just started here?
That obvious?
A little bit.
Noah... Haggerty.
I'm the youth pastor
down at St. Marks.
You worship?
I'm not really into religion.
Me neither.
I am into God. though.
You should come by
my church sometime.
Get to know a few people.
They're good people.
Real people loving Jesus. right?
But also. you know...
Down for a good time.
Being new in town.
you might not know where to go
if you need something.
- I don't.
Sure. sure. I get it.
You're clean.
But if you ever want to get
a little dirty...
Look. how about
a welcome-to-town gift?
Hey. get the fuck away from her.
Hey!
Stop!
God has a job for everyone.
I'm just trying to help
those in need.
Okay?
Okay.
So. no harm. no foul.
I'm always here if you need me.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Hey. so that preacher...
He's a sound character?
Funny thing is.
parents send their kids
to his church.
think he's a role model.
He's not just a creep. though.
He sells drugs to the kids.
And a year ago.
one of them OD'd.
One day. he's gonna get
what's his.
Let's get outta here.
Fuck...
- What's up?
- Hey...
Have you guys got
our essay finished yet?
What happened to your face?
What? Oh. it was a run in
with Noah Haggerty.
It was nothing. Anyway...
Look what I got.
Ta-da!
Fuck.
Charlie?
I'm afraid the school
is closed. sir.
You-you're trespassing.
I've called security
al-already. so...
you'd better be on your way.
- Mr. Craven?
- Fucking hell!
- Are you okay?
- Oh. my God.
I called your name. but...
Do you need to sit down
for a minute. catch your breath?
No. no. no. I'm fine.
I just think I've been...
just working a bit
too much recently.
Good.
Oh. Mr. Craven?
Your secret's safe with me.
What's that?
I want to summon
my grandpa.
But your grandpa's
not dead.
But he's like really old.
And he makes this like...
- Timmy. go to your room!
He's such
a little freak.
Yo. Chrys.
You know it's...
really kind of beautiful.
If working in the ER
has taught me anything
it's that death
is never beautiful.
I am not going to die.
Oh.
why didn't I think of that?
Aarrrrgh!
Craven...
Okay. boys and girls...
Let's think about
the dearly departed.
Go for it. babe. I dare you.
I think I'm gonna pass
on the whole
ghost-summoning death whistle.
- Bye. Chrysanthemum.
- Bye.
- Hey...
You don't have to leave.
- Oh. I... I have to unpack.
Come on. babe. I mean.
what's the worst
that can happen?
It's okay. I should just go.
That was...
intense.
Now what?
Wait. Wait. wait.
Listen. you guys hear that?
I think I heard
something coming.
- Oh. what? Oh.
- Dean!
Oh. asshole!
- Oh. my God!
- You're so gross!
Okay. on that note. I'm out.
It's not funny!
Look. I told you
it was all bullshit. alright?
Hey...
Sorry if it was weird tonight.
You should come tomorrow.
It's the annual
Pellington Harvest Festival.
Caramel apples. pumpkin carving.
spooky hay bale maze.
It's fun.
And we always go.
And it's probably the last year
we'll all be together
before we go off to lead our
incredibly serious adult lives.
Sounds cute.
- Yeah...
- I'd just...
like it if you came.
Yo. Ellie. you left your...
Thanks.
Diabetic.
For my sins.
I'm late for my shift.
but.
text me about the Harvest Fest.
- Rel has my number.
- Okay.
Rel...
Is she straight?
I don't know.
Never been super apparent.
But...
something tells me
we're gonna find out.
Nope.
I got us a hot chocolate!
Knock! Please!
Sorry.
- There's someone watching.
- Here. it's hot. Careful.
I thought I saw someone
in the tree.
I don't... see anyone.
Probably your eyes
playing tricks on you.
Oh. God.
Oh. God! Oh. no.
- Ooh. What?
- I accidentally texted Ellie.
- Oh. sh...
- I got to leave town.
I gotta go.
- Yeah. that. that is...
Er... yeah. that's bad.
- Yeah. you think?
What do I say?
Pretend someone
stole your phone.
Yeah. and emotionally
sexted a girl
that I met less
than 24 hours ago?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. That works.
- Yeah. sure.
Typing... oh. yeah.
sh-she's texting back.
Question mark?
Why question mark?
What do I say?
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. be casual. okay?
Just chill. Okay?
Whatever you do...
don't act desperate.
Okay.
If you're lucky.
What? What? No!
Casual. Not Kardashian.
- See you then.
- See you then?
Boom.
Looks like someone's
going to the Harvest Festival.
You. my friend.
should not be driving.
Me. my friend. am focused.
motherfucker.
I mean. we made it home.
didn't we?
Watch this. watch this.
He shoots...
He does not score!
Story of your life. LeBron.
Fuck you. bro.
- I'll see you at school?
- Yeah.
- LeBron?
- Kiss my ass. bitch.
- I'll kiss your mom's.
- Steel Wolves howl! What?
Gracie...
Timmy. I hear you!
Timmy. knock it off!
Hello?
Timmy?
Gracie!
Dean?
Is that you?
This isn't funny!
Timmy!
Mom says you should come in now.
or you'll turn into a prune.
Where is everybody?
Come on. let's go.
We will have grief
counselors available
if any student needs
someone to talk to.
This is hard on all of us.
Mr. Craven was
a dedicated member
of the Pellington faculty...
What's going on?
Mr. Craven died last night.
What? How?
Turns out he had
stage four lung cancer.
Dr Wells said it's amazing he
was even on his feet yesterday.
I guess we won't have to write
that paper anymore.
But he will be missed.
I'm sure Mr. Craven would
want you to know
how much he loved teaching here.
and how grateful he was
to give so many years
of his life to this school.
Both Mr. Craven
and Mason Raymore...
Ellie!
Chrys...
Forgot this last night.
- It's not mine.
- I don't want it.
It gives me the creeps.
I say you throw
that voodoo shit out.
It's bad news.
- I know this
pawnshop on the East Side.
actually. We could...
Or we could just return it
to Mason's family.
Yeah. Yeah. I agree.
Yeah. That. that was
my next suggestion too.
I can-I can drive if you want.
Do you design them yourself?
Why do you hide them?
They're beautiful.
I don't know.
I guess they're personal.
I always wanted to get a tattoo.
My mom would never let me.
How do you know
what you wanna design?
I guess you just find
something you love
and you let it scar you
for life.
- That easy?
- Easy.
Look at this place.
Hello?
The door was open.
We have something
that belonged to Mason.
I was born in this house.
I hoped to die here too.
But the bank says
it's not even mine anymore.
I'm sorry. we were just...
Maybe I'll get lucky
and drop dead today.
Memento Mori.
Reminders of mortality.
It's all got to go.
I traveled the world
collecting them.
Every culture. every faith
and philosophy have their own.
Some wrestling with death.
Others dancing with it.
Is this a part
of your collection?
I found it in
Mason Raymore's locker.
You didn't find it.
It found you.
Like it found my grandson.
Like it found me.
Half a lifetime ago.
a back-alley market
in Guatemala.
It took my grandson.
my daughter...
And it will take more.
What is it?
In Choka.
The cry.
A stolen treasure
from a plundered people.
We were told the markings
said. "Summon the dead"?
No.
Not quite.
The markings read...
"Summon your death."
The day you are born...
so is your death.
From that day on.
she is searching for you.
If you're fated to die at 90.
it will take her 90 years
to find you.
Fated to die at 30. only 30.
But if you hear the whistle
scream. it changes all that.
A call from In Choka
guides your death...
so she finds you earlier.
What does it look like?
Death?
Like you. of course.
You will become what you would
have been in your last breath.
Keep this.
It was never mine to take.
What if I don't wanna die?
Then you shouldn't
have been born.
I mean. you saw her.
She's on a lot of meds.
And she just lost her family.
That'll rattle anyone.
And speaking
as future Dr. Gains.
there's no medical science
behind what she's saying.
Oh. yeah. No.
I know.
It was bullshit.
Mostly.
But do you think that Mr. Craven
used it like Mason?
Maybe.
Their files will be
at the hospital I work at.
We'll find something there.
When you mentioned Mason.
it gave me an idea.
Well... there's something
about his death
that just never added up.
He caught on fire
in a shower cubicle.
and they blamed it
on a gas leak.
There. Raymore.
They had to use his dental
records to confirm his identity.
Oh. God.
He was so badly burned.
I just need to check
a patient's records.
Shit!
Bone structure
suggests late 40s...
Ellie...
How old was Mason when he died?
Ellie... what's his age?
17.
Why?
Because the coroner's report
says late 40s.
You will become what you would
have been in your last breath.
So. Mason would have died
when he was older?
- From the gas leak?
- Yeah.
Mr. Craven. that cancer would
have killed him eventually.
I'd give him another
10 to 15 years.
Yeah. But not last night.
This is Dr. Andrews.
Someone's been in the records.
really messed with the files.
- Ellie...
- Check the system
to see who was in here.
and call me back.
...we all heard that whistle.
Thanks.
- We need to warn the others.
- They'll be at Harvest Fest.
Hello?
- Hey.
- Hey. What can I get you?
- Just a dab.
- One of these?
Yes. please. thank you.
- God bless.
- Bye.
Come on. Grace. Yo...
You don't need that shit.
It's only weed. It's natural.
How about instead of playing
grope-the-dope.
we head over to the game booth?
I'll win you a teddy bear.
I'm a dead shot. you know?
You always have been. Rel.
So. give me a shot.
We can leave this place
in the rear view.
Like. shazam.
Gone.
You're a... sweet guy. Rel.
And a good person.
Really good.
Someday you're gonna make
someone better than me so happy.
Grace! Come to me!
I came to suck your blood!
Yuck. Stop.
- You ready to get scared?
- Yes. Here.
But you have to give me
a full two-minute lead. okay?
Because I am getting
to that bell.
and I'm ringing it
with everything I've got. okay?
- Two minutes. You got it.
- Two minutes.
And then I'm gonna
find my hot-ass devil girl.
Good luck with that.
You wanna join?
Freaky Batman with no wings?
Maybe I'll...
let you watch.
Ha. ha. ha. no. no.
It's The Revenger!
And Batman doesn't have wings!
Jarhead-bro-motherfuckers.
Rel's still not picking up.
We have to find him.
There she is.
All your friends are getting
juiced in there.
I got some of my own special
sauce if you want...
Hey...
Hello. What are you
supposed to be?
A dyke?
Holy shit.
I learned that from you.
Hey. you bitches!
I wasn't gonna hurt nobody.
Yeah?
What about that boy
you killed with your drugs?
You hurt him?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Aargh!
This isn't over!
Aaargh!
Grace. babe.
where are you?
- Aaargh!
- Oh. my...!
Oh...
Yo. if one more thing
jumps out at me...
You think it's legal to beat
the fuck out of a zombie?
Don't worry. bro.
I got your back.
Yaaargh!
Okay. fuck this.
Alright. Grace?
Grace. babe. where are you?
Your two minutes is up!
Gracie!
Rel. where are the others?
Rel. where's Grace?
Rel?
I don't know.
The maze. I guess?
We have to go find them.
Rel. come on.
We've gotta talk to them!
Hey! Hey! I-I. I did it! I...
Guys. wait... wait up.
It's for Grace.
Come on.
So...
What's this all about?
Gracie!
Please pick up.
Please pick up. Please pick up.
Gracie!
- Boo!
- Oh...
Babe. come on.
You gotta give me a clue.
Dean. no. No. listen. listen.
I'm. I'm near the center.
and this...
I don't know. this fucking
crazy old woman
is trying to follow me.
- Babe. calm down.
It's a haunted maze.
They're supposed to follow you.
Dean. please.
You need to come and find me.
Gracie...
She keeps... she keeps
saying my name.
but I have no idea who she is.
Please hurry. Please hurry!
I'm lost.
Gracie!
Back off. you crazy old bitch!
Babe. Babe. what's going on?
Grace? Grace?
Hey. Tan. let's go. Come on.
- Gracie!
- Help!
Help!
Dean!
Grace. where are you?
Let me know where you are.
- Bro. what's the rush?
Grace?
Somebody. help me! Dean!
Please!
Grace!
Help. Dean!
Grace. where are you?
I'm coming!
Help!
Gracie!
Aaaargh!
Help! Help! Help!
Aaargh!
Help!
Grace!
Dean!
I'm in the spiral. I'm here!
Aargh!
Aaargh!
Aaaah!
Grace! Grace!
That wasn't Grace.
I don't know who that was...
dressed like that.
but that wasn't her.
It was her.
She was supposed to die
of old age.
What do you mean "supposed"?
She's 18!
Listen!
Grace is the one who blew
the whistle.
But we were all with her
at the pool.
Ellie's right.
We were all there.
We all heard that...
sound.
It summoned all of our deaths.
And I...
I feel it watching.
I've seen it too.
This morning in assembly.
it was some kind of seizure.
Nah. nah. I'm. I'm out.
Hey. None of us should be
alone right now. Dean!
Look! I don't know
what's going on
or where Grace is.
but all this spooky shit
started when she came to town!
Are you kidding me?
You dared her to blow
that fucking whistle.
You pushed her to do it.
It's your fault she's dead!
- Hey!
- Dean! Dean!
Dean! No!
We get it.
You had a little crush.
But people like you...
don't ever stand a chance.
Rel... Rel!
Keep playing Scooby-Doo.
I'm gonna go get smashed
and wait til Grace gets home.
Deeean!
Aargh!
Aargh! Aaargh!
Dean? Is that you?
It's okay. I. I just-
I just had a nightmare.
Well you woke your mother up.
she's gotta be at the store...
Yeah. just go back to bed.
You better not be drinking
and driving again. son.
It'll be the death of you.
How's he doing?
He's heartbroken.
Been in love with Grace
since they were kids. so...
Find anything on In Choka?
Not really. Just some new age
cults and some scams.
But we need to find a way
to stop it.
Yeah. we should go back
to Miss Raymore tomorrow.
Have you ever seen anyone die?
A few.
In the hospital.
I OD'd about a year ago.
My dad found me. and he drove me
to the hospital and we were...
...we were half a mile away.
A truck hit us.
I'm so sorry.
Now I've got his...
his music. you know?
I...
I listen to it.
It makes me feel
connected. like...
...like a bridge. I guess.
He had good taste.
My actions killed my dad
and there's...
there's nothing I can do
about it.
Sometimes I wish it had been me.
But it wasn't.
And you're here.
I just finished telling you
how fucked up I am.
Everyone's fucked up.
You just happen to know it.
And that shit you pulled
with Noah...
That was really cool.
Yeah. but you've got your shit
together. you know?
You're. you're smart
and you're funny and...
and I'm just...
You're Chrysanthemum.
You're insane.
That was not her.
Our future death
is hunting us.
We were all there.
We all heard that... sound.
I started working
weekends at the steel mill...
...steel mill.
We all heard
that... sound.
It summoned
all of our deaths.
Please don't be too long.
She's taken a bit of a turn.
It took our friend.
What does it want?
The Olmec offered souls
to satiate their gods of death.
In Choka has been collecting
them for thousands of years.
But it's not our time.
And we need to stop it.
Death is unstoppable.
Once called. it will not relent.
But there is a way
to change its course.
But how? How... how do we change
its course?
Give your death...
someone else's life.
What do you mean?
Offer In Choka...
a new sacrifice.
When your death is near.
mark another with your blood
and you will be spared.
Mark them
with our blood?
No. no.
we can't do that.
Dying...
is not a choice.
Chrysanthemum!
It is inevitable.
But living...
That's up to you.
- I think she was ready.
- Well. I'm not ready.
And she just told us exactly
what we need to know.
No. I veto any solution
that requires murder!
So what? That's it?
We just wait to die?
I saw her.
My death.
I OD.
With a needle in my arm.
Chrys...
I don't want to use again.
I don't want
to hurt people again.
I don't want to hurt myself.
I'd rather die.
Look. I-I'm sorry.
but we are running out of time.
We've all seen our deaths.
And they're coming for us next.
So. we don't have a choice now.
No. Rel. we'll be okay
if we stick together.
Do you really believe that?
Oh. my...
- Rel...
- I just need to think. okay?
Rel. stop!
I'll call Dean.
And we return now to
a local report in Pellington.
to the tragic events of last
night's Harvest Festival.
Just moments ago. paramedics
removed a body from the scene.
At this time. we don't have
a lot of information.
But what we do know is that the
woman is yet to be identified.
The police are asking anyone
who may know her
to come forward.
In the meantime. it is a very
hectic situation
right here on the ground.
Police have completely
taped off the area
as they continue
their investigation.
We are standing by.
and as soon as we...
Mom?
Dad?
Mom. is that you?
Mom?
Dad?
Dean!
Leave me alone!
Dean? What the hell
is going on in there?
Dad! No! No! No! Dad!
Dad. do you see it?
Is he alright?
Dean! Open the door.
You're scaring your mother.
I-I can't. I can't!
What's going on?
Baby. just open the door.
- I can't.
- Dean. open the door!
- It'll get in.
- What are you talking about?
Dean. come on. honey.
Look. I need you to listen
to me. please!
- Let us in...
- Please...
Come on. honey. let us in.
Aaargh!
- Dean!
- What's going on in there. Dean?
- Come on. honey!
Aaargh!
Aargh!
- Son!
- Aaargh!
Aaargh!
Dean!
Rel?
Revenger.
Ellie. where is this?
It's the steel mill
on the other side of town.
Shit.
What is it?
Be safe. everyone.
Same time next week.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
Are you washed
in the blood of the lamb?
Are you fully trusting
in His grace and power?
Don't make this difficult.
Fuck is this?
Guy at the mill sold it to me.
It's loaded.
What are you doing. man?
You have to do what I say. Okay?
Oh. do I?
I bet you don't even know
how to use that thing.
Fuck!
Now...
Motherfucker!
Aaargh!
You're done now. my friend.
You are so fucking done.
What's so funny?
You don't get it.
I don't die this way.
Fucking freak.
Hey!
I warned you!
Shit. Fuck. Fuck.
What's the point
in dragging me
all the way out here?
This is where I'll die.
So it's where you're gonna die.
What?
What are you. insane?
These are what you give them?
Your...
young believers?
You want some?
They're all yours.
Go ahead and take 'em.
How many does it take?
One will make you happy.
two will make you fly.
I'll go for three.
Swallow.
Hey. man. can you please just
tell me what this is about?
Wait. wait. wait. Wait. wait.
Hey... hey.
Jesus Christ!
Hey! Look. let-let's talk
about this. man.
What is that... thing?
Is that witchcraft. man?
Is that what you're into?
Are you a Satanist?
Hey. look...
Death is close.
- I've got to mark you. Noah.
- What?
No. you don't have
to mark me. man!
Get that shit away from me!
Rel!
Rel. you don't have to do this!
Ellie!
Rel... put the gun down.
- It's not fair.
- Rel. put the gun down.
A murdering scumbag
like him gets to live?
While you or me or Grace dies?
You think that makes
any sense at all?
- Rel...
- It doesn't make any sense.
- Stop.
- Stay...
back.
Please. Jesus. Please. God.
I will be your instrument.
I seek forgiveness.
- Shut up!
I'm sorry for what I've done.
I sold him my shit!
I didn't mean for him to die.
- You murdered that boy!
- It was an accident.
- You killed him!
- I didn't know. alright?
- I didn't know he was gonna die.
- Shut up!
I'm not a bad person!
I'm washed in the blood!
Jesus. I'll be the hammer
in your hand. Lord.
So help me God.
just fucking save me now!
Rel. please...
Rel. stop!
Don't do it! This is wrong.
Stop. okay?
You don't have to do this.
- Please.
- We can fix it.
Please. Rel. please.
Rel?
Thank you. Jesus.
I am marked only by God.
I'm marked only by God.
I'm delivered.
I guess everyone
has to die once.
Say that again?
I said. everyone has to die.
You said 'once'.
That's it.
that's how we stop this.
How?
Oh. shit.
It's here.
What's here?
Rel.
Rel. what's going on?
What is it?
Rel!
No. no!
Give him back!
What the fuck!
Chrys...
It's not your fault.
there's nothing we can do.
Chrys. Chrys. we have to go.
We have to go!
You said there's a way out
of this.
I'm not letting it get you.
So what's the plan?
We summoned death.
and we can't outrun it.
And now we have to die.
That doesn't mean
we have to stay dead.
Is this all you've got?
I carry backup insulin
for emergencies.
How much do you need?
Enough to stop a heart.
Insulin won't be enough
to trigger a cardiac arrest.
Er...
I have an idea.
Bring it all!
Chrysanthemum!
Okay. so. one more time.
I inject you.
Make sure you have no pulse.
no heartbeat. so you're...
technically dead.
And then the glucagon
so we don't go hypoglycemic
when the defibrillator
kick-starts the heart.
Okay. Hand me one of those.
I'll. I'll do you.
and you can do me.
I have to make sure you live.
Chrysanthemum!
I'm sorry.
No...
Ellie...
Chrys...
I'm sorry...
Glucagon!
Thank you. Lord.
Thank you for saving me.
Thank you... for saving me.
Please work.
Okay. okay. okay.
Okay.
Chrys?
No. Chrys. Come on!
Chrys. no!
Come on...
Chrys. come on. Come on.
come on!
I can hear you!
Aaargh!
No. Not yet. not yet.
Not yet. not yet!
Come on. Come on!
Aargh!
Death
is unstoppable.
Once called. it will not relent.
What kind of Satan shit is this?
Aargh!
Aargh...
Chrys... no...
Come back to me!
Please!
I need you to live!
I need you to live...
Chrysanthemum!
- Chrysanthemum!
- Dying...
- ...is not a choice.
It is inevitable.
- But living...
- Chrysanthemum...
...that's up to you.
Ellie!
You're Chrysanthemum.
Come on. wake up.
No!
You stay away from her!
It's like I told you.
God's got a job for everyone.
I'm just trying to help
those in need.
But you...
you're beyond redemption.
Whereas I...
I am washed in the blood
of the lamb.
Yeah... yeah.
Ellie...
May the body of our Lord Jesus
Christ preserve your soul
in the life everlasting.
Amen.
Are you fully trusting
in His grace and power...
Hey...
The fuck?
Noah...
What?
Do you hear me? Stay back!
Aaaaargh!
Aaaargh!
Aaaaaaargh!
Hey. Hey...
Stay. stay. stay. Hey...
I'm sorry.
Hell of a first date?
Chrys?
It's been three months.
two weeks and four days.
I count each and every one
of them now.
I always thought death
was the enemy.
But now I'm not so sure.
No one has forever...
but we do have right now.
I think I can live with that.
Asha!
Good morning. everyone.
As is customary
here at Pellington High.
to begin the new semester.
we welcome freshman student.
Asha Nelson.
who will be playing
our school anthem on her violin.
- Wait. stop!
- Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Stop!